Hannah?
Hannah. did you hear me?
Yeah. I hear you.
I just...
When did...
When did Nicholas...
Last night.
What is this number. anyway? I've been
trying to call you and Bailey for hours.
It's a burner... I...
-Wait. what happened?
-These men came to my house.
Are you okay?
I'm okay. We're both fine. We...
We got out of the city. We're safe.
You need to come here.
You need to get to Austin now.
I wish I could say more. but...
We probably shouldn't even be talking
on the phone right now.
-Okay.
-Come to the Sanctuary
-as soon as you can.
-Yeah.
What is it? What's going on?
Nicholas had another heart attack.
He's not okay. is he?
I'm so sorry.
-Did you know?
-About Nicholas? No.
No. I'm just as shocked as you are.
Why are you here?
Owen sent me.
Wanted me to make sure that you were...
-that you were protected.
-Protected?
Can you please get us a room
so we can talk privately?
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
I'm sorry.
He seemed fine at the party last week.
Didn't he seem fine?
He did.
Nothing lasts. does it?
No.
And you always want more time
with your people.
I feel like I was just starting
to really get to know him.
Yeah. I know.
Hannah. we should really...
You ready to go inside?
-Yeah.
-Okay.
It's just here to the left.
So they come for us right after
what happened with Nicholas.
I mean. it's too fast to be a coincidence.
Yeah.
A year ago after
Nicholas had his first heart attack.
Owen reached out. told me his concerns.
The deal. He was worried Frank would
stop honoring it when Nicholas died.
I told him there was only one way
to guarantee your safety.
but he was already a step ahead of me.
Finish the job he started 17 years ago.
You mean try to take down the Campanos?
Yeah. Pretty much.
What? Grady?
Is it okay?
Yeah.
-Just a bunch of bikers.
-So. look...
How are you gonna take down the Campanos?
The less you know the better.
-Are you kidding me?
-Oh. yeah. Grady...
-I'm trying to protect you.
-And how's that going?
Hey. I don't need your shit right now.
You have no idea
what I've been through for you two.
Oh. what you've been through?
Men just broke into Hannah's house
and tried to...
I think what Bailey is trying to say is
if you want us to cooperate.
you need to keep us in the loop.
When no one testified
against the Campanos.
the family took a hit.
Yeah. that was years ago.
Nicholas said they're stronger than ever.
They are. but only because
they started dealing drugs
for some pretty nasty people.
So. these people they're working with.
are they worse than the Campanos?
It's an international narcotics syndicate.
It's the fucking big leagues.
And these are the people
you and Owen are messing with?
Yeah.
It's the only way to nail Frank. Hannah.
Come on.
Hey. baby. Is she asleep yet?
Can I say good night?
I don't understand. Nicholas said the
Campanos got out of hard drugs years ago.
Frank decided it wasn't worth the risk.
Crime's gone global. competition's steep.
Maybe Frank had to get in bed
with a bigger fish.
So what happens when these people.
this "bigger fish."
finds out that you've been screwing
with them?
I've been in contact
with the US Attorney's Office.
and they have agreed to keep
Owen and I out of the courts.
Their narcotics syndicate will
never know that we were involved.
-You're involved now.
-Strictly below the radar.
What does that mean?
I would rather not get into it.
-Oh. come on. Please.
-I am trying to keep your husband safe.
The less people who know what he's up to...
I think you can trust us.
You said you need to prove the Campanos
are moving drugs for this syndicate.
How are you doing that?
About a year ago.
Owen got a job at the Houston docks.
He's in Houston? Is he crazy?
-He is being careful.
-He's in their backyard.
Which is why he's using an alias.
keeping a low profile.
But if the Campanos find out...
He knows the risks. Bailey.
He's doing this for you.
He's doing this for both of you.
What's he been doing on the docks?
He's been collecting evidence.
He thinks the syndicate
is using a shipping company named Rafina
to move all their shit.
And the Campanos own this company. Rafina?
We think so. But we have to prove it.
which means documentation.
contracts with signatures.
My grandfather. he...
he would've written
those contracts. right?
Grady. is Owen in Austin?
Floor?
Three. please.
I want to talk to my dad.
We can't.
If Owen is in Austin
risking his life for us.
we'd like to have a conversation about it.
We literally cannot do it.
The phones only go one way.
from Owen to me.
We only use burners. We keep it siloed.
So you're telling me that you have
no way of getting a message to him?
Grady. this is insane.
Look. I understand that you are worked up.
and I get you've had a pretty bad day...
Oh. a pretty bad day. My grandfather died.
And I am sorry about that.
Our lives have been
turned upside down. again.
Which was gonna happen anyway.
And my dad made decisions
that affect my life.
and Hannah's life. without us
being consulted or even considered!
You weren't considered?
-Grow up. Bailey.
-Hey.
Everything Owen does
is out of consideration for you.
Okay. Okay.
We are going to take this temperature down
many degrees.
Do not speak to her that way.
-Yeah.
-We are all in this together now.
And we are all gonna decide together
how best to move forward.
Bailey. I'm sorry.
I need to use the bathroom.
She just lost her grandfather.
Found out her father is fucking
with an international crime syndicate.
She's understandably scared.
You're not helping.
I said I'm sorry.
Charlie wants us to go to Austin.
No. No. Absolutely not.
It's risky enough as it is
with Owen there and...
As soon as Owen gets what he needs.
he's gonna come meet us.
Here?
-He's coming here?
-That's what he said. yes.
Is that him?
No. it's my kid's mom.
Look. my opinion is.
we're gonna stay the night.
Owen will come by tomorrow.
and he'll have what we need
to move forward.
Move... Move forward toward what?
Maybe toward being a happy family
without a target on its back.
Sound like a plan?
Lock this.
You okay?
-Okay. like...
-With everything.
With Nicholas. With the last 24 hours.
-With your dad coming here.
-Yeah. I'm fine.
I mean. I'm upset about Grandpa.
but I'm... I'm fine.
-Are you?
-Still processing.
Should we really just be sitting here?
I mean. Charlie wanted us
to come to Austin. right?
He did. Maybe we should.
But we have to think it through.
I mean. Grady wasn't wrong.
Without Nicholas down
there to protect us...
Yeah.
But I hate sitting here waiting
as much as you do.
What if we had another option?
If the Campanos are after us
because they think
that we're the best way to get to my dad.
then maybe we should let them know
that we're not.
We haven't had any
contact with him since...
Since I saw him 24 hours ago.
Yeah. I don't think that counts.
Okay. maybe.
But even if they'd leave us alone.
which I'm not entirely sure they would.
how would we get them that message?
Quinn. We could go through Quinn.
She was really sweet to me.
She's Frank's daughter.
But she has nothing to do
with the business. And she...
She loved my mother.
I think she would want to help me.
Let's sit with it. Let's sleep on it.
Like we're gonna get any sleep.
Bailey.
You really trust him?
Your father?
-Grady.
-Oh. I...
I think he has our best interests
at heart. He always did.
He just...
feels really off to me.
But he was like that the night
I met with Nicholas for the first time.
And he hasn't given us
a reason not to trust him yet.
Okay.
Where are you going?
I need to...
make some calls and-and just.
you know.
apologize for leaving my own read-through.
Yeah. I think no unnecessary calls
for now.
It's a burner.
I know. I just... To be safe.
I'm so sick of that word.
I know you're trying to protect me.
but if I don't leave this room
for a little while.
I think I might scream so loud
that glass will shatter in. like. Arizona.
Okay.
Just leave the phone. please.
Anyone turn in my badge?
Let me see something.
-Yeah?
-This is Benny at 1941 Congress.
You said for me to call if there was
any unusual activity in Suite 801?
-Yeah?
-Somebody just badged in up there.
We'll send someone over.
What you writing?
What?
Is that a journal? Are you journaling?
No. No. it's not a journal.
Okay.
Didn't mean to bother you.
Keep my big trap shut.
It's a play.
A play?
You're really writing a play?
Yeah. Trying to.
I love plays.
I did a couple in high school.
What's your name?
-Kristin.
-I'm Christine.
So close.
Want a drink?
It's Lynchburg lemonade.
I was saving some for my husband.
but he's in the restaurant boozing
with his friends.
So. what's your play about?
It's about mothers and daughters.
Careful now.
What's your mother gonna say
when she sees it?
Oh. well...
Luckily. I don't have to worry about that.
She died when I was four.
Oh. no. See what I mean?
-This big trap.
-It's... It's okay.
It was a long time ago.
Four years old.
You're breaking my heart.
My little one's around the same age.
You've got a daughter?
More like a feral cat. really.
Still. I can't imagine how she'd get along
if I wasn't around anymore.
What about your husband?
Oh. honey. He's a good enough man.
Children? Useless.
Speak of the dirt devil.
She jumped right in.
Yeah. she does that.
-Is she okay?
-Oh. she's fine.
Are you sure? She's... She's not moving.
She's just having her fun. that's all.
Are you just gonna sit there
and do nothing?
Oh. you little monster.
-Bell and Associates?
-I'll bring you up.
Watch the desk. will you. Manny?
-Sure.
-This way.
Have a good weekend.
You too.
No! No! No. no. no! That's bullshit.
I need time to set this up.
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
How? How?
Please.
All right. all right. all right.
Fuck it. We'll make it work.
Okay. calm down.
We're not gonna get caught.
We're gonna get the goods and get out.
No. hey. Don't worry.
Like I said.
there'll be no cops anywhere near there.
I fucking made sure of it.
All right. tomorrow. then.
Yeah. I'll be there.
Don't hang me out to dry on this.
Fuck!
Just a pilgrim on a journey
Well. I got no time to tarry here.
Don't you stop me...
You all right over here. sweetheart?
Yeah. yeah. One's my limit.
Thank you though.
Okay. Well. more what I meant was.
are you all right?
I've been better. But thank you.
Oh. sure. But I bet you've been worse too.
That's... That's debatable.
You ever feel like you got
one last shot at something?
Love or work?
Maybe both.
I feel like I gambled my whole life
on this one thing working out.
And if it doesn't...
That's it.
In my experience. sometimes you get
a second chance after that one last shot.
Yeah.
It's like Gandalf says.
"This too shall pass."
Gandalf said that?
Didn't he?
It's either him or the Bible.
Yeah.
US Marshals Service. Western District.
Hi. I know it's late. I was wondering
if you might be able to connect me
with someone in the office?
Oh. I'm sorry. ma'am.
we're just the night switchboard here.
Best I can do
is leave a message you called.
-Would you like me to do that for you?
-No. that's all right.
I'll try again in the morning.
Do you know what time
Agent Anderson might be in tomorrow?
8:00 a.m. would be my best guess.
They get started pretty early.
-Anything else I can do you for?
-Nope. Thank you so much. Bye.
Hannah. who the fuck
are you talking to right now?
-I called the Marshals office.
-Why? Why? You should not have done that.
-I had a question.
-Then you need to ask me.
Why are you so worked up about this?
Because I have reason to believe
that the Campanos have a mole there.
In the Marshals Service?
Yes. Hannah.
You don't know what the fuck you're doing.
If there's a mole in the Marshals...
If someone is in your organization
-watching you...
-I need you to trust me. okay?
-I have it under control.
-I heard you on the phone.
Didn't seem like you had anything
under control.
-Oh. my God. I was talking to my ex.
-Bullshit.
If you're really working with Owen.
prove it.
-Call him. Call him!
-I told you I can't.
-You know that I can't.
-I don't believe it.
-There must be some way to contact him.
-Hannah. I am here as a favor to you.
If you wanna take your chances
on your own. be my fucking guest.
What's going on?
Is he bothering you?
-No. he's not. Sorry.
-We are fine. I'm fine. okay?
I'm a US Marshal. sir. Please. step off.
Great. How about you show us your star?
-How about you go fuck yourself?
-Grady.
-Will you stay out of this?
-God.
Don't talk to her like that.
Like what? Like...
Stop. Stop! Stop. that's enough!
That's enough. That's enough! It's enough.
Bobby. what are you doing?
Nothing. babe.
-Just talking to the man is all.
-Doesn't look like just talking.
-Is everything okay?
-Everything's okay.
-Right. Grady?
-Yep. yep. Everything's fine.
We're gonna call it a night.
Sorry. we just got a little overheated.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Okay. we're just gonna go back
to the room.
-What happened back there?
-I'll tell you inside.
Shit.
Yeah. Those two women
that they're looking for?
I got eyes on 'em.
Bailey.
Bailey. wake up. It's time.
Are you sure we should do this?
I think you're right about Grady.
And I think we're better off on our own.
Quietly.
Is that Grady's car?
Let's go.
What did you just do?
A banana in the tailpipe.
It stops the car from running.
How do you know that?
I grew up in the '80s.
What the fuck?
They're not here.
They must've gotten spooked somehow.
Call the guys in LA.
Tell them to keep an eye out
in case they head back there.
-Owen?
-I got what we need.
-Should take me about...
-Owen. Owen. They're gone.
What do you mean they're gone?
They're...
I'm sorry. They didn't say
they were going or anything. They just...
They just slipped away.
How do you feel
about sleeping here tonight?
Here. like. in the car?
Yeah. I think it's safer than...
It's smarter than checking in somewhere.
Have you...
Have you never slept in a car before?
It's not as bad as you think.
I'm gonna change the plates.
then we should try to get some sleep.
You pack an extra pair of license plates
but somehow forget a blanket.
It's just one night.
Squeeze in.
How do you know it'll just be one night?
They're gonna keep coming for us.
aren't they?
Try to get some sleep.
Stop looking at that thing.
You still think it's a clue?
Probably just sentimental.
Sentimental is something you wear
on your sleeve.
not slip into someone's pocket.
Meaning?
Meaning everything he does is sneaky.
Or coded.
Those notes he left for us? "Protect her."
Could you be more cryptic?
Why does everything have to be
such a secret? Or a lie?
-Bailey...
-Well. he never told me my real name.
He kept my family from me. I could've had
20 years to get to know my grandfather.
He gave me a picture of a stranger
and made me believe that was my mother.
-Who does that?
-I don't know.
Maybe someday he'll be able to explain
to you why he did what he did.
I don't know.
You're allowed to be angry too. you know?
I'm angry. I'm plenty angry.
When I'm feeling generous.
I try to remember
he was in an impossible situation.
Is that how you think about your mother?
No.
My mom chose not to be in my life.
Your dad didn't have a choice.
-Didn't he?
-No. What?
I'm just saying I'm done
abiding by his decisions.
What option do we have?
We could go to Quinn.
That's asking for trouble.
I got a really good vibe from her.
-And Charlie vouched for her too.
-She's a Campano.
My grandad was a mob lawyer.
Yeah. I have no confidence
that we can trust her.
Oh. I think we can.
It's... It's whatever.
It's what you want to do.
Bailey. no. It's not whatever I want.
It is our decision.
Frank was reasonable
when you first went to Nicholas.
maybe he'll be reasonable now.
-Bailey.
-I vote we go to LA and talk to Quinn.
They're looking for us in LA.
Going back. it's risky.
Of course. it's risky.
But I have a life in LA and so do you.
What are we gonna do?
Are we just gonna keep running forever?
-Is that what you want?
-No. it's not what I want.
But I also don't want to just start taking
wild chances without being prepared.
So. you're saying no?
No. But we can't go to her house.
we can't go to her office.
-So. we'll find somewhere else.
-Maybe.
Well. look who it is.
Hey. Dad.
I just saw the news about Nicholas.
I'm so sorry.
Thanks. sweetheart.
I was just with him for his 75th.
I mean. he looked great.
Same old gigantic son of a bitch.
Makes you think.
About what?
Well. about when
that bell's gonna toll for me.
Dad. come on.
No. I'm not being morbid.
I'm 80 next week. in case you forgot.
Didn't forget.
I never forget.
Be good to see you on the day.
I wish I could. I'll be in Paris.
I'm closing a deal.
Paris? Well. we'll do it there.
I hear they got birthday candles
in France too.
Okay. Dad. Birthday in Paris.
I am gonna need to change my order.
I am getting too predictable.
You are all set.
The girl who was here with you
the other day. she paid for it.
-Thanks. Abigail.
-Yeah.
Usually. when someone wants
to get in touch with me.
-they go through my assistant.
-Yeah.
I'm sorry for the... skulkery.
If that's a word.
-This is Hannah. my...
-Stepmother.
What is this? What's going on?
I'm not sure how much you know
about the history
between my dad and your family.
-I mean. after my mom died...
-I'm gonna stop you right there.
I don't have anything to do
with my family's business.
That's what Charlie told us.
which is actually the reason we're here.
This conversation. it needs to end now.
Bailey.
Wait.
Quinn.
Quinn. please.
If you would just hear me out.
I would really. really appreciate it.
Look. I know that we just met.
and here I am just showing up
for the second time
in almost as many days.
but we don't know where else to go.
And I know how complicated things are
with your family.
but they're pretty fucking complicated
with mine too.
And you knew my mother.
So. I thought you might wanna help.
It is very complicated.
And I know that
your grandfather just died.
And I'm sorry for your loss.
Thank you. That's really nice.
It'd be nicer if we weren't running
from your father's men.
Excuse me?
Yesterday. a man broke into my house
and grabbed me by the throat.
Tried to put me in his van
and then he went after Bailey.
Oh. God.
I'm sorry. but.
I still don't understand.
What exactly do you think I can do?
Could you get a message to your father?
I don't talk to him that often
and never about his business.
I'm sure. I'm sure you
don't want to be mixed up in any of this.
but we're in harm's way here.
If you have children.
I'm sure you'll understand
why I listened to mine
to come to talk to you.
What's the message?
That Hannah and I have nothing to do
with my dad.
And we haven't been in touch with him.
And we have no plans to. We just...
We want things
to go back the way they were.
Is that right?
Yes. it is. That's it.
Well. I can't promise anything.
but I'll see what I can do.
Okay. thank you. Let's go.
A word of advice. if you're open to it.
If you do find yourself
face-to-face with my father.
you better convince him
you're prepared to let Ethan
or whatever he goes by now...
-Owen.
That you're prepared to let Owen go.
And you'd better mean it.
We mean it.
Good.
Because my advocacy aside.
chances are my family's
not gonna let this drop
until it's
resolved.
So. if there's a place you can go.
someplace you think
that no one would find you.
you should go there.
And tell no one.
Let's go.
What she said.
about going someplace
no one could find us?
Sounds like a good idea to me.
-So. we're running again?
-No. it's not running.
It's just going back to the original plan
before we met Grady.
We need to buy some time.
Okay.
So. any thoughts on where this place
where no one would find us might be?
Just one.
So. I heard you and Dad talked.
Birthday dinner in Paris. huh?
Guy Savoy. Jules Verne. or...
-What the fuck are you doing. Teddy?
-What are you...
Ethan Young's daughter
just reached out asking for help.
Kristin? Did you see her?
Was she in LA?
-Did I say that?
-Don't fuck with me. Quinnie.
-We need to get...
-"We"? Who is "we"?
Because there is no way
Dad is behind this.
Oh. he knows full well
what I'm doing here.
Look. I don't have time for this shit.
Just tell me where she is...
You want to know where she is?
She called from Canada.
Maybe it was Colombia. No. wait. Croatia.
Quinn!
Teddy. leave her alone. Do you hear me?
Quinnie. Quinnie. wait.
Wait. wait...
When was the last time you saw her?
I don't know.
Probably at my grandfather's funeral.
Three. four years ago.
And it was...
I don't really wanna talk about it.
You're not gonna tell me anything
about your mother?
I mean. what is there to tell. really?
She left me with my grandfather
when I was five years old
so she could chase my father
around the world.
photographing models.
partying like rock stars.
while I watched the mail
and the driveway. and...
waited by the fucking phone.
wondering whether
she would ever come home.
Then my father died and she decided.
"Yeah. I'd like to be part of your life."
So. you guys are tight?
I mean. we don't have to go. do we?
We're not that desperate.
I don't know. I...
-Maybe we are.
-I wouldn't use the word desperate.
Out of options?
-Screwed? Up shit's creek?
-One of those.
Please don't stop me.
I'm having trouble seeing
how this ends well.
In the wee. wee hours.
Your mind gets hazy.
Radio relay towers.
Gonna lead me to my baby.
The radio's jammed up.
With talk show stations.
It's just talk. talk. talk. talk.
Till you lose your patience.
Mr. State Trooper.
Please don't stop me.
Hey. somebody out there.
Listen to my last prayer.
Heigh-ho. Silver-o.
Deliver me from nowhere.
Maybe you got a kid.
Maybe you got a pretty wife.
The only thing that I got's.
Been bothering me my whole life.
Mr. State Trooper
Please don't stop me